README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Beads&Beyonds 

Beads&Beyonds is a shopping website focused on Art and Craft theme build mainly with:
  
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-800080?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/React--Router--dom-696969?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)

</div>


## About

This website is a open source website. This repository is all about how I made this website. It has all the codes.



## features

1. This website is completely responsive
2. Have simple but elegant design
3. Have login and sign up functionality
4. Have protected and public routes
5. Have single product page
6. Have add to wishlist and cart functionality 
7. Have remove from wishlist and cart functionality
8. Can increase and decrease the items quantity 
9. user friendly message using toast implementation
10. profile page

## Visit the website here

## [Beads & beyonds](https://beads-and-beyonds.netlify.app/)

## Connect

<a href="https://twitter.com/Kajal3310"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kajal-kumari-52bab41aa/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>

Commit message:

Updated new features in readme

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# Beads&Beyonds 

Beads&Beyonds is a shopping website focused on Art and Craft theme build mainly with:
  
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-800080?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/React--Router--dom-696969?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)

</div>


## About

This website is a open source website. This repository is all about how I made this website. It has all the codes.



## features

1. This website is completely responsive
2. Have simple but elegant design
3. Have login and sign up functionality
4. Have protected and public routes
5. Have single product page
6. Have add to wishlist and cart functionality 
7. Have remove from wishlist and cart functionality
8. Can increase and decrease the items quantity 
9. user friendly message using toast implementation
10. profile page

## Visit the website here

## [Beads & beyonds](https://beads-and-beyonds.netlify.app/)

## New Updates

Some newly feature added are as follows- 
1. Single Product page
2. Product Magnifies like Amazon products in single product page using react-image-magnify
3. Discount coupon modal with functionality 
4. Some improvement in auth, now after login user will be redirected to page where he/she was going

## Can be checked here

## [Beads & beyonds updated link](https://beadsandbeyondsupdated.netlify.app/)

## ScreenShots

![Screenshot_2022-04-26_22-57-17](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50793296/165358274-a4b0f7c9-ffc6-45de-8dfe-3aa5482139af.png)

![Screenshot_2022-04-26_22-57-55](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50793296/165358305-a7516241-8583-425c-b2b1-2663e799030d.png)


## Connect

<a href="https://twitter.com/Kajal3310"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white"/></a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kajal-kumari-52bab41aa/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
